README.md, before:

# JSMP
*J stands for Just*
# Main principles
1. Prevent chaos not by enforcing server-wide strict rules, but by giving everyone, even beginner players, a chance for self-defense
2. [Deus otiosus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deus_otiosus)
3. Any player can only gain an advantage through in-game means, by self-reliance or cooperation with other players. Gaining an advantage through external methods outside the scope of regular gameplay, be it from another human or non-human actor, is not allowed.
# Articles
1. [Worldborder is fixed at 10000 blocks](worldborder.md)
2. [All resources are present inside the border](resources.md)
3. [You can no longer enchant netherite or diamond armor with protection](protection.md)
4. [You can no longer boost yourself with fireworks while using an elytra](elytra.md)
5. [Server owners cannot interfere with the gameplay in any way](admin_interference.md)
6. [Server opens and closes at fixed times throughout the day](schedule.md)
7. [Server is whitelisted](whitelist.md)
8. [Anticheat is implemented](anticheat.md)
9. [Authentication is implemented](authentication.md)

Commit message:

Rewrote main principles from scratch

README.md, after:

# JSMP
*J stands for Just*
# Terminology
1. "Regular gameplay" - the term used to describe any action taken by any given player that results in their direct interaction with the in-game world around them. "Regular gameplay" does not account for other methods of interaction that can be considered "meta", such as external or in-game chats
2. "Player" - one real-life person
# Main provisions
1. The ultimate goal of the server is to provide the maximum amount of enjoyment to maximum amount of players by making the least amount of changes to regular gameplay
2. The only person that is responsible for any given player's enjoyment or dissatisfaction with the server is the player themselves
3. Any person with elevated privileges cannot intervene in regular gameplay
4. Any given player cannot use external tools to gain an advantage in regular gameplay
5. Any player's account is only theirs. No other people are allowed to participate in regular gameplay through the account of this player
# Articles
1. [Worldborder is fixed at 10000 blocks](worldborder.md)
2. [All resources are present inside the border](resources.md)
3. [You can no longer enchant netherite or diamond armor with protection](protection.md)
4. [You can no longer boost yourself with fireworks while using an elytra](elytra.md)
5. [Server owners cannot interfere with the gameplay in any way](admin_interference.md)
6. [Server opens and closes at fixed times throughout the day](schedule.md)
7. [Server is whitelisted](whitelist.md)
8. [Anticheat is implemented](anticheat.md)
9. [Authentication is implemented](authentication.md)
